v8.5.5 restore: update the definition of the parameter --load-stats and the usage of pitr id map (#21078) (#22200)
pingcap/docs: br/br-snapshot-manual.md

--storage local:///br_data/ --pd "${PD_IP}:2379" --log-file restore.log
```

> **Note:**
>
> Starting from v9.0.0, when the `--load-stats` parameter is set to `false`, BR no longer writes statistics for the restored tables to the `mysql.stats_meta` table. After the restore is complete, you can manually execute the [`ANALYZE TABLE`](/sql-statements/sql-statement-analyze-table.md) SQL statement to update the relevant statistics.

When the backup and restore feature backs up data, it stores statistics in JSON format within the `backupmeta` file. When restoring data, it loads statistics in JSON format into the cluster. For more information, see [LOAD STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-load-stats.md).

> Starting from 9.0.0, BR introduces the `--fast-load-sys-tables` parameter, which is enabled by default. When restoring data to a new cluster using the `br` command-line tool, and the IDs of tables and partitions between the upstream and downstream clusters can be reused (otherwise, BR will automatically fall back to logically load statistics), enabling `--fast-load-sys-tables` lets BR to first restore the statistics-related system tables to the temporary system database `__TiDB_BR_Temporary_mysql`, and then atomically swap these tables with the corresponding tables in the `mysql` database using the `RENAME TABLE` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from v8.5.5, BR introduces the `--fast-load-sys-tables` parameter, which is enabled by default. When restoring data to a new cluster using the `br` command-line tool, and the IDs of tables and partitions between the upstream and downstream clusters can be reused (otherwise, BR will automatically fall back to logically load statistics), enabling `--fast-load-sys-tables` lets BR to first restore the statistics-related system tables to the temporary system database `__TiDB_BR_Temporary_mysql`, and then atomically swap these tables with the corresponding tables in the `mysql` database using the `RENAME TABLE` statement.
```
